Thank you for contacting SiteMinder support.

Widget UX
The calendar appears because the stay dates that apply by default do not currently have any availability, prompting guests to choose different stay dates. This is intended to work this way. If you were to open the direct link on a day with availability, the calendar would not appear.

Intermittent Performance Issues
Thank you for bringing this up. However, without a timestamp of this issue happening, we can't run an investigation to find out what the cause is. Please be assured that our product team is constantly looking at the performance of TheBookingButton and are trying their best to make sure it is always performing at its best.

Intermittent Page Not Found Error
We have not come across this one either unfortunately, so we are not sure what could be triggering it. Is this happening all the time with your current setup or only sometimes?

XML Error
According to the help link below, "/rate_plans" should not be part of the link.

(https://thebookingbutton-help.siteminder.com/s/article/How-do-I-Get-Rates-API-in-the-Booking-Engine)

We have tried removing it and it appears to be working as intended, please try the link below.

https://app-apac.thebookingbutton.com/api/v2/reloaded/properties/manasari12direct?check_in_date=12-01-2018&check_out_date=13-01-2018

Widget Styling
Unfortunately, we are unable to provide further assistance regarding widgets and website integration other than the information provided in the integration guide you already access. This is because our support team are dedicated to providing assistance in utilizing SiteMinder's core products, while programming requires a separate set of skills in which we are not trained. Please note that if the default widget we provide does not suit the styling you wish to use on your website, then you are more than welcome to develop your own.

Loading Icon Glitch, Redux Error and Back Button Broken
Thank you for these suggestions, I will be passing these on as product feedback as this is information for product improvement. If you have any more information on these two points, or you would like to expand on any others, please do not hesitate to do so.

We appreciate the time and effort you have put in providing your issues and feedbacks regarding TheBookingButton. Unfortunately, when it comes to website/widget integration, we are unable to provide much help as it is outside the scope of our support team. However we welcome any ideas and thoughts you may have as our team can always use feedback to improve our products.
